CLI: add nodejs check in automigrations (#20342)
storybookjs/storybook: MIGRATION.md

### 7.0 breaking changes

#### Dropped support for Node 15 and below

> Storybook 7.0 requires Node 16 or above. If you are using olders version of Node, you will need to upgrade, or keep using Storybook 6 in the meantime.

Reviewer: This is great, let's also update the number below in `#### Modern browser support`

>and node code is transpiled with a target of `node >= 14`

> Storybook 7.0 requires Node 16 or above. If you are using olders version of Node, you will need to upgrade, or keep using Storybook 6 in the meantime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storybook 7.0 requires Node 16 or above. If you are using an older version of Node, you will need to upgrade or keep using Storybook 6 in the meantime.
```
